Nadia Michelle and joining me here in
Hong Kong you're watching the China
[music] show. I'm Yvonne Man.
>> And I'm April Hong in Singapore we're
counting down to the open of markets in
the greater China region. Our top
[music] stories Apple's Tim Cook set to
hand the reins to hardware chief John
Turnus after [music] a 15-year tenure as
CEO that turned the tech giant into a $4
trillion business. [music]
Turnus takes over as Apple struggles to
catch up in AI and with competition from
local smartphone makers heating up in
China.
Also ahead oil slips [music] and stocks
edge higher on signs that Iran will join
peace talks with the US and Pakistan
ahead of a looming ceasefire deadline.
President Trump [music] telling
Bloomberg he's unlikely to extend the
temporary truce increasing the urgency
to seal a deal.
>> [music]
>> Well April it is a day once again where
you are seeing [music] that AI trade
come back alive here and really becoming
that offset for all the Iran sort of
headlines that we've been seeing [music]
as we count down to some sort of talks
potentially in Pakistan [music] right?
So
can we get a deal before this ceasefire
expires Wednesday is certainly a key
issue for the market. You know we've
been talking about it for some time now.
We are actually continuing to see tech
continue to drive things higher here
today and it gives us a bit of time to
really talk about the the significance
of really Tim Cook stepping down as
Apple CEO given that long-term
relationship the company really has had
in China.
>> Yeah and against the backdrop of how
he's still going to be around to help to
maybe smooth some of these relations
globally on the political front maybe as
well at the time where we're still
discussing the geopolitics right? We
know how the US truce with Iran is set
to run out. That's Wednesday evening
Washington time based on that interview
by our Bloomberg colleagues on the phone
with the US president. And as the clock
ticks down, you mentioned how Trump has
said, you know, it's highly unlikely
that this truce will be extended. So
maybe increasing the urgency of whatever
we see out of Islamabad as we know some
of his deputies are expected to hit
there for talks as well. Let's take a
look at the market action for the
moment. Seeing the Bloomberg Dollar
Index today looking pretty flat for
another session and US stock futures are
also looking flat. Let's take a look at
how Brent futures are also pointing
below the 95 handle. So overall, we are
seeing a bit of a pullback in energy
prices. Asia stocks, of course, this is
a setup into the session about an hour
in and the Nikkei and the Kospi, they're
flashing green. So again, those signs
that maybe investors are focusing on how
the truce could be extended. We are, of
course, watching out for some of these
Apple suppliers in the region as well.
Overall, we are seeing that rotation
back to the AI trade. And it's
interesting Taiwan seems to be
benefiting a little bit more than South
Korea. That's something we'll talk more
about on the program. And this is the
setup into the Chinese session as well.
Following a day where the Chinese
mainland banks actually hit those record
highs. So those will be in focus. We've
been seeing signs of China doing well in
the financial stability front. And the
bonds have been rallying. The yuan has
been climbing as well. I heard
you know, Stephen Jen also talking about
how we could see China allowing for
record yuan appreciation this year. So
that's something else to consider as
well for the session. Yvonne?
>> Yeah, so really he's he's saying what?
Record 9% this year that the yuan may
could rally. So certainly maybe there is
still more upside
from that currency. In terms of what
your agenda and what's in store here
today, there is a big listing here in
Hong Kong. We're talking about Victory
Giant, also part of that whole AI story
here as well. I'm watching, of course,
if there is any sort of reaction to Tim
Cook stepping down as CEO at Apple.
Huawei just came out with a new foldable
phone as well as they try to fend off
this comeback that Apple has had in the
mainland. So, we're watching, of course,
those suppliers and the CGB rally
whether it continues for another day
here. The red strength as we've been
talking about as well. So, yeah, you
know, there's plenty to talk about. I
mean, we still have what? Mag Mag 7
that's coming out next week in terms of
earnings are concerned. There's this
prospect of more of these circular deals
that are coming back. We do have the
Lenovo CFO Winston Chai joining us in
the next hour as well. And not to
mention that that Kevin Warsh
confirmation hearing later on today is
going to be quite telling for the bond
market.
>> Yeah, absolutely. At the time where
we've been seeing treasuries not quite
buying to this idea of a peace deal for
more and how markets are digesting the
news. Bloomberg M Life strategist Mark
Cranfield is with us. Mark, we've been
talking through some of the themes for
markets. What is top of mind for you?
>> Well, it's the it's the scenario which
is playing out very nicely for equity
traders. So, we had huge disruptions in
March when asset classes were going in
all different directions. Very difficult
if you're a a trader of equities
especially to really make firm
decisions, but now things are settling
down.
And what equity traders need is they
need to be able to project forward
pricing to put into the input of the
overall picture of their portfolio. So,
what you have now is a scenario where
there's concerns about bonds, but you're
trading in a fairly tight range. Oil is
settling into a high but tight range.
The outlook for economic growth is okay,
but maybe it's a slow in the latter half
of the year. All of those are manageable
scenarios for equity traders. They can
put that into their decision-making
process and say, "Okay, as long as
companies are making this kind of money,
as long as the projections for AI demand
are very, very high,
this is a small matter compared to where
we're looking ahead for equities." And
that's what you're seeing play out right
now. People want to get back in
to the kind of trades they were doing in
the first part of the year.
Equity markets are only just beginning
to to get back to the levels they were
at the end of February. So imagine if
there'd been no Iranian war, of course
we can that it did happen. We can't put
that off to to the side.
But equity markets were progressing very
nicely on the outlook for continued
demand for chips and all things hardware
related to AI. We're getting back to
that kind of scenario. Of course things
go wrong in the Middle East, but equity
people are looking beyond that to where
they see the rest of the year going.
>> Chinese assets also looking beyond that.
We see bonds continuing their recovery.
The yuan is looking strong. Maybe we see
what, 9% appreciation by the end of the
year from current levels. And then
equities have been outperforming as
well. Is there anything that could
derail this?
>> Um it's more the
They
they've had a bit of a habit of
self-destructing in China with putting
in the
um government people putting in policies
which are negative for some of the
companies onshore.
We saw that a lot during the the COVID
period where they were actually
self-destructive in terms of the
restrictions they were putting in place.
They seem to have taken a learned from
that and they're not doing it in fact
they've gone the other way now. They're
doing more to encourage consumer
spending to uh take advances. So they're
getting much more supportive of their
own companies.
They're also learning that it's not good
when you have people in massive price
competition. We saw that with some of
the internet-based companies in the past
few months where they were slashing
prices to compete with each other and
and the government is trying to put a
stop to that. So where they are getting
involved in the the general free flow of
capital markets, it's much more positive
than it was just a few years ago and
Chinese investors can see that. So there
aren't the kind of headwinds that there
there had been in the past. Of course,
external threats, they can't do too much
about that. So, if we get a
deterioration suddenly in the Middle
East, China, like everybody, will be
affected by that.
>> Mark, um I'm I'm looking ahead, not just
on Iran, but really this this Kevin
Warsh confirmation hearing in the Senate
later on today. Apart from just whether
he gets confirmed or not, what should
the bond market be watching out for the
most?
>> Uh clearly, him being putting as a
potential Fed chair is that that he
could lower interest rates. That's what
everybody is expecting is that he's
going to get the job because he's going
to have a favorable disposition towards
lowering interest rates when the
opportunity arises.
The problem for him
is that he's coming into a scenario
where people are more concerned about
the risks of stagflation than they are
about rapidly slowing economic growth.
So, his credibility to lower interest
rates is pretty tough. Investors can see
that. Just look at in New Zealand
inflation which came out today
reinforcing above the range that the
Central Bank has set there. Puts the New
Zealand Central Bank in a very tough
position, which will be replicated by
the ECB, the Bank of England, the Bank
of Japan. All got decisions coming up in
the before the end of April. They're all
going to probably be on hold, but giving
a cautious approach because they can see
stagflation risks are high. The same
applies to the Federal Reserve in the
United States.
He may well during his his hearings, he
may well say that he favors lowering
interest rates when the time is right.
When that time is right could be some
distance off because inflation is set to
stay higher for longer because of the
energy price shock. And at the same
time, the flip side of that, supply
constraints could be reduced in the
economic growth as we get into the
latter part of the year. Very difficult
position for him to come into.
Completely different from the time when
he was proposed as Fed chairman. Things
have changed dramatically and that will
be reflected in the hearings later
today.
>> Talking about things changing,
leadership change as well. And Apple, we
got to talk about that company, right? I
mean, is there a read-through for
markets from this, maybe from suppliers
or AI plays?
>> It's more from a from an investor's
point of view. They will want to see
very quickly that the new man in charge
has the same kind of credibility and the
the market focus that Tim Cook has. It
took a while for Tim Cook to convince
investors that he was the right man.
After Steve Jobs, of course, it would be
difficult for anybody to come in. But
eventually, Tim Cook persuaded investors
that he had the right products. He knew
which market segments to go after. The
new man is going to have to be very
soon. He's going to come up to speed
very quickly. He's going to have to show
that he can convince people that the
valuations in Apple are justified with
him as the CEO. The market won't give
him a lot of time. They've got earnings
coming up later next week, I think it
is.
That will be the start of it. But
really, once his tenure begins, the
timeline for him to to justify his
position will be pretty quick.
Otherwise, Apple's position will shrink
in relation to the other mega seven
firms. They will be catching up very
fast.
>> Mark, good stuff as always. Thank you so
much. Bloomberg MLIV Strategist Mark
Cranfield. Now, on that note, of course,
we know how the Apple CEO, Tim Cook, is
set to hand the reins to hardware boss
John Ternus later this year. That's
capping a 15-year tenure. And Ternus
will become chief executive on September
1st when Cook transitions to the new
role of executive chairman. For more,
our managing editor for consumer tech,
Mark Gurman, is with us. Mark, we've
just heard the other Mark talking about
maybe what markets are expecting. Tell
us the significance of this handover. Is
it more continuity than anything? What
can we expect perhaps on the hardware
front as well based on what we know from
John?
>> John Ternus, extremely strong leader at
Apple, mentored by Tim Cook and Johny
Ive and the former hardware engineering
chief. Been at Apple for half his life,
bleeds the six colors of the Apple
rainbow-colored logo. Uh he is the right
person to take Apple into its next
chapter because Apple does not have any
alternative. At 50 years old, he's 10 to
15 years younger than the rest of
Apple's executive team. He has a 10 to
20-year runway in this position as CEO.
I think he's immediately going to have
Wall Street credibility as a
product-focused leader. Uh I think he's
a strong leader and you see Apple has
put him out front and center in recent
weeks, putting him uh on stage for the
MacBook Neo launch at the beginning of
March. So, uh this announcement should
come as little surprise to to anyone
who's been paying uh even remote uh
levels of attention to the iPhone maker.
>> Yeah, Mark, you've been writing about
this since I think earlier this year
about this succession or potential
succession plan. But, the timing of it
is quite interesting, right? Coming at a
time when when Apple is trying to go
through this AI transition.
And some people thought that this
succession was probably going to happen
as in 2027, not not maybe this year.
What can we make of the timing of this?
And where does that leave that AI
strategy?
>> Timing's a bit of a a surprise, but
obviously Apple's been struggling in AI
and it needs a new vision uh and a new
voice and a new face in charge of the
company. Uh John Ternus is an is an
innovator to to some extent. He's a
product-focused engineering executive.
Uh Tim Cook is not a decision-maker.
He's not an innovator. He does not have
product development chops. Uh he does
not able to choose which product uh for
Apple to launch. He's always led that uh
left that to other people on his team.
Uh but now Apple's going to have someone
who can make these product-related
decisions and it comes at a critical
time as the rest of the AI industry uh
is really starting to build up their own
hardware efforts to take on the iPhone.
>> Tell us a bit more about what this could
mean for the China business, right?
We're we're talking about this comeback
that we've seen Apple in the mainland
and obviously Tim Cook has sought
through many trials and tribulations
when it comes to this market. Um
and he really kind of developed this
really deep ties with the mainland
whether it came through, you know, when
it comes to contract manufacturing and
really trying to develop the labor force
there to to really spark this whole tech
revolution. What does that leave the
relationship that Apple might have with
China now that, you know, Cook is still
remaining in that executive chairman
role?
>> At least for the foreseeable future, Tim
Cook will be managing that relationship
with China. He'll be managing the
relationship with Donald Trump, all the
governments, government relations will
work closely
with Tim Cook in his executive chairman
position. He'll be running the board
which means he's ultimately responsible
for the company and we'll see how long
he's in that position for.
But truly this is a a big change for
Apple and over time I expect those
responsibilities to transition back to
John Turnus.
>> And how secure is China in terms of
market share in China specifically? I
mean, today we're hearing about Huawei,
you know, unveiling this new foldable
phone as well as it tries to perhaps
eat out a bit more market share. What
are you seeing in terms of the
competition perhaps?
>> I think it's a cool phone and Apple's
going to have one that's very similar in
6 months time. So I'm not too worried
about Apple in China. I don't think
Turnus is too worried either and I don't
think much is going to change there to
be honest.
>> All right, Mark. Thank you so much for
joining us and staying late to cover
this big story for us. Mark Gurman
there, our Bloomberg managing editor for
consumer tech joining us from LA who has
covered of course Apple for some time
now. Of course more on that phone as
April mentioned, right? Let's show the
the video. It could be pretty similar to
Apple according to Mark. But Huawei has
just unveiled its latest foldable phone
betting on the format to flesh out its
lineup. The Puram X Max can unfold
horizontally and retails for just around
over $1,600. The latest addition to
Huawei's lineup of foldable devices
including of course that tri-fold phone
and it comes as Apple is set to be
preparing its first foldable phone.
Sources have told us the company is
scheduled to introduce that model in
September alongside the iPhone 18 Pro
and Pro Max.
>> And still to come on the program,
President Trump raises the [music]
stakes ahead of potential negotiations
in Pakistan saying he's unlikely [music]
to extend a two-week ceasefire with
Iran. Details next and [music] we're
counting down to the open of trade in
Shanghai, Shenzhen and Hong Kong. This
is the China show.
>> [music]
>> Well, the latest when it comes to Iran
now President Trump has told Bloomberg
he's unlikely to extend [music] a
two-week ceasefire with Iran which he
says is due to expire Wednesday evening
Washington time. Now meanwhile sources
say Tehran is preparing to send a
delegation to Islamabad for further
negotiations after earlier casting doubt
on his participation. Let's bring in
Jill Disis our managing editor here on
the latest. I mean are we likely to see
these talks before the ceasefire expires
is the big question now.
>> It is the big question [laughter]
and I mean the answer is we don't
totally know. I mean I do think that
it's a bit telling that you know if
you're looking at the initial two-week
ceasefire deadline that Trump gave on
April 7th this does kind of push it off
by you know a day or so so we kind of
built in an extra day there kind of
indicating that maybe there is going to
be some time for these talks to unfold.
All that being said remember where we
were the the other weekend when we did
have JD Vance we did have the Iranian
negotiation team in Islamabad going
through this like 21-hour marathon set
of uh peace talks. Nothing really came
from that and so I do think you have to
kind of build that into the equation
here when we're looking at what this
next round of talks could ultimately
look like. But really at this point it
depends on
a lot of different factors. It depends
on you know when they actually arrive,
when they start negotiating and whether
we can actually reach something here. I
mean you know there's still some pretty
significant issues that you know
make you think it's going to be really
difficult to reach some kind of a deal.
I think particularly when it comes to
some of those issues over nuclear
programs and such. I mean this could be
a non-starter for Iran.
>> Tell us about the diplomacy that's
happening. We just heard from President
Xi once again calling for immediate
ceasefires and calling for the Strait of
Hormuz to reopen. What are some of the
sort of policy or at least the intention
from China now?
>> Yeah, I mean I think what you're seeing
here is China kind of playing a little
bit of that diplomatic peacemaker role.
I mean remember you know they're still
presumably you know were
at one point getting ships through the
straits.
You did have Xi host a couple of world
leaders last week Vietnam, Spain now
obviously having you know this is an
ambassador's call.
What Xi's really doing here is kind of
you know painting that idea of you know
people in the Middle East Middle Eastern
nations need to kind of you know take
control their own lives. I think
actually really interesting there was I
echoing a little bit of language that
Trump had said earlier this year before
the war broke out about how the Iranian
people need to sort of control their own
fate, control their own destiny. So I
think that's kind of an interesting
little link there. But yeah ultimately I
think what you're you're seeing there is
in the form of Xi in China kind of
pushing for the end to this war.
>> Jill, thank you. Jill Disis there with
an update on these talks that could be
happening the next few days or so.
We're we're taking a look at what comes
to the pre-market here in Hong Kong and
certainly there's one big listing debut
to tell you about Victory Giant. I guess
they can they're doing an early victory
lap already when it comes to the first
day of trade.
This is the biggest Hong Kong listing
this year so far. And there you go. We
are seeing at $330
per share here. 57% upside in the
pre-market here right now. They did
raise about 2 and 1/2 billion or more
in the you know, this is the largest
listing we've seen in 7 months. But
certainly this does this kick off a
whole wave
of more heavyweight deals in Hong Kong
once again. And really what this means
for the whole AI story because you know,
they are a Chinese supplier of Nvidia
mind you here. So yes, that begins
trading in just about 9 minutes time.
Are your pre-markets looking like this
here right now? We're up about a third
of 1% for the Hang Seng futures are
still [music] punching slightly higher
here today. So China looks set to join
on this rally. 681 for the currency.
This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> All right, to new [music] live pictures
out of Hong Kong exchange here this
morning. And there is of course the
Victory [music] Giant stock that is set
to surge here at the open. We're seeing
the pre-market already up 57%. [music]
This is now becoming a Hong Kong's
largest
IPO this year [music]
after the likes of what we heard from
Zijin earlier this year. So certainly
does this kind of spur another wave of
heavyweight IPOs here in Hong Kong after
what has [music] been already a stellar
year last year. So there's that. They
are the Chinese one of [music] those
Chinese suppliers to Nvidia. So
certainly there's a lot of competition
when it comes to likes of Japan, when it
comes to some of the Taiwan [music]
players as well. But yeah, today we are
seeing a very good first day of school
there, April.
>> Yeah, back to school and this is what
we're seeing that pre-market surge so
far. 57% higher on a day where Chinese
markets overall, I think, expected to
stay pretty buoyant. You are, of course,
watching out for some of these
developments in the trajectory of the
war and as we inch closer to that
ceasefire deadline that's set to expire
Wednesday evening, Washington time. Will
there won't there be these talks in
Islamabad despite the scent you're
getting from the White House, the Trump
administration, that the deputies are
headed there. We are seeing Hang Seng
Tech pointed in the green in the
pre-market. Of course, that's going to
be in focus as we watch for some of the
Apple suppliers. Tech in China maybe
also in the spotlight. Aside from that,
keep an eye on dollar China. Of course,
we've been hearing from the likes of
Stephen Jen, right? Behind the dollar
smile theory. His expectations that
China could allow record appreciation in
the RMB this year.
Perhaps 9% stronger than current levels.
And of course, aside from that, we are
watching for the Chinese banking stocks
as well in the session at the time where
yields have more or less recovered.
Chinese bonds have been doing quite
well. Yvonne.
>> Yeah, in terms of movers here today,
obviously we're watching, of course, the
tech
trade here now that we saw what happened
to what it comes to chips. I mean, I
think the Philly socks index was up in a
14 straight session in the US. Zijin
Mining also set to report earnings later
on today. So, we'll see what they say
about this volatile sort of whipsaw
we've seen in gold prices of late and
what it means for the outlook. Apple
suppliers are in focus here. Mostly
seeing actually upside here today. Maybe
not just about the Tim Cook story and
his departure, but also when it comes to
just overall tech doing very well here.
So, everything but Sunny Optical right
now seems to be heading higher and we'll
leave you those pictures of Victory
Giant. [music]
We'll have more with the co-founder in
the interview there coming up after this
break. [music] This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Welcome back. You're watching [music]
the China show and we're counting down
to the open of markets. Of course,
there's one company we're watching in
Vaughn, Victory Giant, as it makes its
trading debut [music]
in Hong Kong, already making quite a
splash.
>> Yeah, not a household name, but if you
take a look at it, it is a Chinese
supplier of Nvidia. So, that certainly
is the big sort of news here today,
right? So, we're seeing it surge close
to 60% [music]
here. They are also listed in Shenzhen
and yes, we're still seeing at 330.
That's still a bit of a discount here to
the Shenzhen listed shares [music] at
343. So, we'll see if there's more
upside when it comes to the eight shares
here. But, yeah, it certainly just goes
to show this fervor for AI has really
continued here and really the Shenzhen
shares have gone up what? Fourfold in
the [music] past years as well. So,
Victory Giant certainly giving
themselves a pat on the back here today
and giving themselves that victory lap
as we count down
>> [music]
>> to
the gong.
There you go.
Oh, multiple bangles on the gong there,
April. So, it just goes to show the
optimism really, you know, the companies
and the investors really have around
this AI theme. It really has
It really single-handedly offset what
we've been seeing in the Iran situation,
right? Where it's not as headline driven
anymore. You're seeing records being hit
in the Kospi, for example. And we're
seeing fresh records there today. Taiwan
is continuing to be a very hot story.
Abhishek, I know our team on the
Bloomberg stocks team is really talking
about Taiwan actually getting a bit more
favor over Korea these days as well,
which we'll flush out in just a bit.
But, here's how mainland markets are
trading here this morning. Uh slightly
uh to the downside here today. So, may
not be joining in the fray uh when it
comes to A-share market. The CSI 300
were lower by about a fifth of 1%. A
CATL, which has been that standout, so
we've come off some of the initial highs
that were really reached last week after
those earnings uh right now. So, you
know, you see actually tech selling off
there like some of the chips like Cancom
Tech uh is lower by 1%. So, we'll see
how Shenzhen fares in all this right now
just given the outperformance we've seen
particularly in that market uh given,
you know, the the really heavy reliance
on, you know, the chip space, the seven
sisters and the like, which we talked
about. Shanghai crude is still a little
bit elevated here about 1%, although we
have seen when it comes to WTI and Brent
crude have come off some initial highs
there as we count down to these Iran uh
trade talks or sorry, trade talks or
peace talks, I should say. Uh but we're
still trying to confirm whether they're
happening or not before the ceasefire
expires uh on Wednesday night,
Washington time, which the president has
essentially pushed forward or pushed
forward for about a day or so. Uh Hong
Kong's looking like this here right now.
Uh the tech story certainly will be
quite interesting. Uh there you go. We
are still seeing some gains there for
the Hang Seng. We're up about a third of
1%. HS Tech is above that 5,000 level.
It's really been driven by the likes of
Baidu here this morning. Uh offshore
yuan may be continues to be strong
around that 681 level here as well.
But really, it's not just the tech
space, right? We're starting to see
really signs of these traditional
sectors like the banks, for example,
Chinese uh Hong Kong-listed Chinese
banks actually were some of them were at
records yesterday here. So, investors
are still looking for that sort of
dividend play, that income play uh in
this market. Hong Kong property
continues to be hot here, as well. We're
up about 6/10% uh for that sector here
today, as well. In terms of movers, uh
it is overall quiet, but what we got to
watch the Apple supply chain here today
just given the news of the shake-up with
uh Tim Cook stepping down as CEO. We
have John Turnus uh to really take the
helm here right now. Cook though will
remain as the executive chairman, so
he'll be responsible for doing a lot of
that lobbying. Among, you know, whether
it's a geopolitics with US and China and
the like. Uh what does that mean when it
comes to the supply chain? We're mostly
lower here today. So, Sunny Optical is
down more than 1 and 1/2% or so. Uh and
what we talked about those Chinese
financials, right? Let's take a look at
how they're doing here today after what
was a pretty good session yesterday.
Still punching higher here and adding to
those gains. ICBC, for example, China
AgBank also uh punching higher. So, uh
that's certainly one sector to watch
here and of course it still comes down
to one thing, which is tech and AI. And
you take a look at how Victory Giant is
doing here today. So, we talked about
this Chinese supplier Nvidia uh debuting
in the city today after raising $2.6
billion
in the city's largest listing in 7
months. Let's bring in our China
correspondent Ming Lo. You spoke to the
founder and chairman. What did he say
about really overall his outlook on AI
and the like?
>> Yeah, he is extremely bullish on AI
because ultimately this his company is a
specialist in making printed circuit uh
PCBs, printed circuit boards. And this
is the foundational layer, right, that
connects the chips to the transistors to
the other components that you need. And
they're a specialist in making
multi-layered PCBs that are essential to
AI data centers. And that's why this is
a stock, well, it's not a household name
yet, but perhaps it is going to be
because if you look at last year over
the past year, it surged past all the
big hot tech names, the likes of Nvidia,
uh Meta, and the like. It surged more
than 300% last year. And mainly because
it's got that big anchor client, Nvidia
is a major client. Um and that's why the
the chairman told me that demand is
already outstripping supply, but they
are still taking orders because they are
able to scale up very quickly. That's
why they are raising funds, three
quarters of which will be used to expand
domestic capacity, and then the rest to
expand overseas capacity. They do have
three plants now in Malaysia, Thailand,
Vietnam, and I asked him whether that
was a response to the geopolitical risk
of maybe US companies being forced to
diversify, and he said, "Yes, that this
is after conversations with their US
North American clients." After those
conversations that really caused them to
move part of their production overseas
in response to the clients' requests,
even though production in other
countries, he says, is about 20% higher
in terms of cost compared to domestic
production. Have a listen to his views
on the demand outlook for the coming
years.
>> Yes, any
We are currently a global leader in AI
computing power PCBs.
The technical difficulty, demand, and
value of AI computing power PCBs are all
very strong.
And we foresee high-speed growth over
the next 5 years with very high demand.
>> So, for this increased capacity, how
long should investors expect a negative
cash flow before they turn profitable?
>> Our expanded production capacity will
soon be fully utilized because order
demand is very strong.
This year, we will have two more factory
buildings, including the 10th and 11th.
And next year, we will also expand the
production capacity of Co-Op.
So, this year's free-up will release
about 10 billion US dollars in output
value, including Vietnam and Thailand.
We believe that next year, we will also
release more than 10 billion US dollars
in output value.
>> You mentioned some of your overseas
factories. Are these overseas factories
mainly targeted at meeting demand from
the US.
>> For international clients, especially
those in North America, there is demand.
We are expanding our production capacity
to meet their needs outside of China.
>> You have over 350 global customers, and
obviously Nvidia is a big customer as
well. How much of your revenue
proportion is coming from US firms, and
how prepared are you to meet the
geopolitical risk of these companies
being forced to diversify or reduce
their reliance on Chinese firms?
>> Based on the needs of our international
clients, particularly our North American
clients, our overseas production
capacity development is currently
sufficient to fully meet their demands.
>> You mentioned the demand is not
affected, but what about the cost? And
are you getting supplies from the Gulf
region, chemicals, material prices, for
example? You're not feeling the impact
of that?
>> Our supply chain materials are mostly
located in Southeast Asia, while the
equipment comes from Europe, Southeast
Asia, and the United States, including
European countries. It's everywhere.
But currently, it seems that neither the
equipment nor the materials are
affected.
>> You mentioned about expanding capacity
domestically again. Could you give us
the specifics? How much capacity
increase are you looking at?
>> The capacity we've expanded this year
will likely add approximately $10
billion
to our output value.
Next year, we expect to expand by
another $10 billion.
In Southeast Asia, we are also expanding
at a rate of $10 billion dollars in
output value.
And we are gradually increasing
equipment based on customer demand.
>> There you go, the founder and chairman
of Victory Giant. And interestingly, he
said that his company is not really
affected by the crisis in the Middle
East. And last year, I was just looking
at their
report, their their financial report.
Last year, they saw really huge 40% plus
increase in their high performance
AI PCB segment, printed circuit board
segment. And analysts are very bullish.
They are forecasting a 70% increase in
revenue this year. And again, I asked
him, "Do you see a threat from the new
technology like, you know, Google's
Turbo Quant from the TPUs, for example?"
And he says, "No, right? Because I guess
you could see this as one of those picks
and shovels of the AI industry. It is
further upstream in the industry. And
even if we see computing power uh need
to be in compressed, they still need uh
those printed circuit boards." He says.
>> Yeah, another reason to go back into the
hardware space. Okay, Mim Mim, thank
you. Mim Mim Lo there, and great
interview, of course, with Victory Giant
here today, our China correspondent. Uh
coming up, we're going to talk
consumption. Goldman Sachs sees
improving China consumption, but does
flag, of course, risks from Middle East
and what it means for costs for some of
these companies. The co-head of Asia
consumer research, Michelle Chang, joins
us next with her outlook. This [music]
is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> If you're looking at some of the
consumer [music] surveys, it seems that
consumer confidence is stabilizing and
recovering. And the drivers are really
[music] I mean, people are saying, you
know, the salary income has been
stabilizing. Investment income has
rebounded, [music] partly thanks to
the the good invest I mean stock
performance in the past couple years in
China and property prices are
stabilizing a bit. You [music] you've
seen the strong numbers coming out of
Shanghai recently.
So I think the consumer confidence is is
really is really stabilizing.
>> That was Fidelity International PM Tina
Tian there speaking to us yesterday
about the rise in consumer confidence in
China is coming back here incrementally.
Well, Goldman Sachs also come up with a
new report saying that China's domestic
consumption approved in the first
quarter but warning that inflation
linked into the Middle East conflict
remains the key swing factor. Joining us
now is Goldman's Asia consumer research
co-head Michelle Chang. Michelle, it's
great to have you back on the program.
So we we've got we're in the middle of
earning season for some of these
companies. I think the A shares report
soon. But walk us through what you hear
hear so far about, you know, how things
are going in the consumption space.
>> Yeah, I think we have been summarizing
the key observation of thoughts in a few
points.
Firstly, second half last year was
pretty bad but first quarter so far is a
good start.
Of course, Chinese New Year holidays
spending has been strong. Even we see
some volatility into March but I would
say so far we see a first quarter is a
healthy start especially it's on a high
base.
And in addition to the demand
improvement, one important metrics we
always look at is pricing. And we have
been talking about pricing stabilization
from second half of last year and into
first quarter we see more sectors are
talking about
pricing stabilization or even some hope
on a further price improvement. And
these
include like restaurants
restaurant supply chain or even like a
cosmetic names during the Women's Day
promotion will actually see a promotion
is more normalized. So I think pricing
is actually a very important metrics
when we look at the consumer sector and
we see
some initial good signs. And on top of
that, we also hear companies talk about
they want to be more balanced on the
channel strategy. And you can also hear
from government talking about enhanced
the offline activity service industry.
So this year we also hope to see a more
balanced channel shift. And having said
that, if you recall, we always talk
about
the past few years going global overseas
is important driver. But this year we
actually
advise our investors come back to look
at the domestic demand. Since there
could be some stabilizing trend while
global demand is more volatile.
>> Michelle, as you said, it's a good start
to the year so far. But we have also the
specter of energy prices which for the
moment China seems a bit more insulated
from. Do you expect that to continue in
the second half of the year and then
does that become a sort of risk? How
insulated will they remain?
>> Mhm. That's a great question and it's
also on top of the discussion we had
with investors these days.
On the one side our whole team actually
published an interesting trackers
covering multiple sectors from
consumers, commodities, industrial, etc.
to
discuss or to track what corporates are
telling us at this moment on these cost
inflation risks. And at this moment I
would say for the domestic demand the
impact is limited.
But it's true that from the cost
perspective we are seeing PET price
increase by 50% year-to-date. The
chemical fibers also increased by like
30-40% and first half margin I think the
impact should be quite limited given
companies either they have
inventories
or a lot of the order has been
confirmed.
But it's true we need to observe the
second half margin impact. And But the
end I think uh uh how this will impact
different companies, different sectors,
uh
margin or uh the the the demand, uh we
also need to go back to see uh the
overall demand situation and also the
competitive landscape.
>> Which specific consumer-related sectors
do you see as perhaps a bit more
buffered from this? I mean, I think
there were some highlights related to
sportswear, for example. And what are
you seeing in consumer discretionary?
>> Mhm. So, overall, we see uh the
subsectors that will be more
uh uh skewed to these uh
oil-chemical-related
materials include uh beverage
uh and also apparel, sportswear,
footwear, and even the uh toys, plastic
toys. That will be uh have a some more
negative impact. But uh for the
subsectors have more buffer, restaurants
uh or the overall restaurant value
trend, that could be uh have a smaller
impact. And uh even spirits, uh they
actually use very limited uh plastic
materials and have high margins. And
that will be the sector we see a smaller
impact from the oil um impact.
>> I was going to get your take again about
price recovery. Um you're seeing it in
more sectors. We we just saw regulators
really slapped the food delivery apps
uh for how they failed to filter through
some of these unlicensed and merchants
and the like. Do you see the regulatory
environment in some ways
improving the sector overall? Do you
think we've seen the worst of it when it
comes to these price wars, particularly
when it comes to food delivery?
>> Mhm. Yeah, so uh it's true. I think we
we do hear and more like discussions uh
more normalized promotion subsidies in
the food delivery.
Um and uh if we uh talk to the
companies, they actually see some
stabilization normalization of subsidies
from fourth quarter uh last year. So,
into this year, um on and off, you still
see some promotion activities, but the
magnitude of the subsidies indeed is
more normalized.
Uh so, we actually see it's a positive
uh for uh the corporate and also the
overall um pricing perception because uh
last year um at one point it's true that
it drive a lot of demand but ultimately
if consumer get used to this free or
only like a $3
5 RMBs a cup of tea and a lot of
corporates or franchisees they are not
really making money. So
only I think there could be some
volatility especially into second
quarter third quarter I think some of
the challenge concern is high base last
year but uh on the positive side from
the UE from the unique economics for the
stores level and from the brands level
we actually see that from the mid long
term perspective this is a positive
movement.
>> Michelle, talk to us about demographics
as well. I think it was one of your
colleagues yesterday who highlighted how
say in Japan they are seeing perhaps the
older generation the retirees perhaps
not reacting so much to
perhaps higher prices because of the
read through into inflation from energy.
What are we seeing in China specifically
across the population? Are there you
know different behavioral
indications in the segments of the
population?
>> Yeah, that's an interesting point. On
the one side if we look at the company
sectors they are driving additional
growth opportunity is the young
generation. So few years ago we
published an interesting report talking
about China's Gen Z we call it post 95
and you can actually see a lot of the
high growth subsectors companies are
actually more skewed to those demand
driven by this young generation. That
include like IP products, freshly made
drink companies and selective like
restaurants
or even like travel etc. So on the one
side given the young generations
ultimately they are they are they are
the population or their importance in
the whole consumer base is increasing.
So, um the new sectors uh is driven by
what they like. But, on the other side,
we also see a very interesting
phenomenon that uh for those uh older
generation, they are retiring and they
also own uh uh assets or they have money
and they are traveling around. They are
more willing to spend. Yeah, so there
are also uh more and more discussion on
how to serve those uh senior citizens'
uh demand. So, all in all, I think it uh
the the the the trend has been very
diverged. Uh and ultimately, whether
there is any new like consumption trends
they can capture either these uh
uh senior citizens' demand or younger
people's uh under-penetrated demand, I
think that's the growth driver.
>> Yeah, under-penetrated demand. I It
makes me think of IP and IP retailers,
right? When I think of
Pop Mart. You mentioned when it comes to
some of these overseas expansions of
some of these IP retailers that you're
seeing risks ahead and you need to focus
more domestic now. What are you seeing
in terms of the international markets
now that makes you a bit more cautious?
>> Yeah, that is a That is a great
question.
Uh last month, we actually put out an
interesting report called
uh discussing Chinese uh companies uh
going global strategy. And uh to make it
clear, we are still uh positive on the
overseas opportunity in the longer term.
But, just at this moment, on the one
side, you have domestic business uh
suffering uh from lots of uh
uncertainties and low confidence level,
but we start to see some green shoots.
No matter if property confidence or
stabilized uh
um uh
the the the the the labor market. So,
that's uh some improvement we can see.
Versus uh overseas market, uh it has
been very strong for many years. And
also, many company enjoy a very quick
growth. So, they probably need to reset
a little bit, uh think about the right
strategy, and uh enhance their
organization to find another new growth
driver. So, I think this year is more
like a uh reset, uh but uh I think
definitely longer term we still believe
a good Chinese company's global strategy
will still work.
>> All right, Michelle. Thank you,
Michelle. Chang there, co-head of the
Asia consumer research at Goldman Sachs.
Yeah.
Um going global may not be, you know,
the best strategy, I guess, for in the
near term uh for some of these IP
retailers here. We certainly saw that
when it comes to the Boo Boos, right?
All right, coming up. We're going to
talk more with NF Trinity CIO Helen Zhu
joins us talk markets and tech together.
She's going to be joined with Winston
Cheng, the Lenovo CFO. We'll get their
thoughts on the AI investment [music]
horizon. There's been volatility in the
Middle East crisis, of course, and where
they see the next thing to watch in this
whole
>> [music]
>> AI discussion. Plenty more to come. This
is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Let's take a look at who the movers in
the markets are. We are tracking Taiwan
PCB makers on the back of Victory Giant
[music] making a splash in its Hong Kong
trading debut. Of course, this is an
Nvidia supplier and it's dragging up
along [music] with it some of these
other Taiwanese PCB names. Huawei
suppliers also in the spotlight given
how it's unfolded or unfurled its
foldable smartphone [laughter]
and of course part of competition with
the likes of Apple. This is what we're
seeing in some of these suppliers as
well, Ed On.
>> Yeah, unfurling of the foldable phone.
Say that 10 times. It's hard for me to
>> [laughter]
>> say, really. Um yes, I did the hardware
side is interesting, right? Maybe
there's a bit of that John Turnus sort
of impact there just given what we've
been seeing with this Apple transition,
[music] right? So, maybe that's why
we're seeing hardware do so well here
today. Coming up, we're talking more
about AI. We got Helen Zhu from NF
Trinity, also Lenovo CFO Winston [music]
Cheng joining us in the next hour.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the CSI 300 just half hour into
the session and yeah, we're coming off
on the initial lows, but the Asia market
[music] not doing too well compared to
the rest of the region here today. We're
down by a third of 1% where we are
seeing more conviction is the likes of
Japan, it's Korea, it's Taiwan once
again. [music] All three of those
markets punching higher. In fact, the
Cosby reaching a fresh record here this
morning. So certainly the tech continues
to offset anything geopolitically that's
happening, April.
>> Yeah, interesting to see how China is
underperforming going against the grain
versus what we're seeing in the rest of
the region today. South Korea, as you
said, is in the spotlight with those
records, but is very concentrated in
some ways to the chip heavyweights. If
you look at how some of our colleagues
have put out analysis as well on how
Taiwan seems to be benefiting a bit more
when it comes to the AI trade in Asia
given how there is more exposure in
terms of breath to the AI supply chain.
been driving the Taiex and indeed today
you're seeing also that bit of
outperformance seeping in on a day where
overall markets are continuing to brush
aside this Iran war related concerns and
take a look as well at what we're seeing
in terms of some of the Apple suppliers.
We of course have been seeing TSMC in
the green amid this leadership change in
Apple. Worth noting as well that Apple
has been underperforming versus the
other Mac sevens. We are seeing also
some of its Chinese suppliers slipping
in trade today. Very interesting as we
watch for what's next for the tech giant
under the leadership of John Turnus come
September 1st, Yvonne.
>> Yeah, really capping a 15-year tenure
for Tim Cook here for the CEO. So
certainly a lot of questions about what
this means for the company at the midst
of this AI transition. Also the business
in China which is slowly making a
comeback in the mainland as well. And
what does this mean for John Turnus, the
hardware boss that's going to be the
next CEO?
We have plenty more coming through here
on just what analysts are saying. The
timing of it is certainly has been quite
interesting and maybe raise a bit of
eyebrows. Some of them thought this was
a 2027 story. But here's more from Ed
Ludlow. He left this for us here on what
this all means.
>> This is big breaking news and it is a
big moment in tech history. Tim Cook is
stepping down as Apple's CEO, a role
that he's held for 15 years. Of course
he has a much longer history with the
iPhone maker, but he's not going
anywhere. He's stepping into the
executive chairman role. Stepping into
the CEO role is John Turnus, hardware
veteran, someone that's been at the
company since 2001 and since 2021 has
kind of had this top hardware
engineering job. A much broader
portfolio of responsibility has been
given to him more recently. The
beginning of the year started with a
number of executive departures at Apple
and Tim Cook explained to Apple's staff
that he was very focused, fixated
himself on who would be leading this
company long term. It's just there was
no indication that that would be Tim
Cook stepping back from the CEO role.
Now he's going to focus on communicating
with policy makers. Many believe in
quick reaction that he's actually going
to have more responsibility for supply
chain and strategy as an active member
of Apple's board. But this is a big
moment and it does signal a shift where
Apple has been a story since 2011 when
Tim Cook took over from Steve Jobs of
massive growth for the stock, but also
massive growth in services for example,
operational excellence now to being one
about product under John Turnus. This is
Ed Ludlow for Bloomberg News in New York
City.
>> We've also been asking some leading
Apple analysts and investors for their
reaction to the leadership transition.
Take a listen.
>> I've been a big fan of Tim over the
years. He's made me a tremendous and my
clients a tremendous amount of wealth
and he's mostly done an excellent job,
but you know, I've been calling for him
to step down. It's been time for new
blood at Apple. It's been time for
change with AI and so much innovation in
software that that, you know, really
Apple has fallen behind on despite their
hardware being so excellent. You know,
this is a great move for Apple.
>> Apple has, you know, built up this
legacy of an incredible amount of
connected devices. And by the way, I
think that's the real genius of Tim
Cook. He didn't necessarily know which
products, but he knew they had to be
connected. Now, Turnus is going to take
that. He knows which products to to
develop. So, that's what's going to be
interesting to watch as we move forward.
>> Let's bring in our tech reporter Mark
Gurman. Now, he joins us and really it's
an end of an era for Tim Cook who built
this, you know, $4 trillion business.
What do we know about John Turnus and
where he can take this company now?
>> Yeah, as you said, he's been head of the
hardware division. He's an Apple
veteran.
Uh he's 50 years old and um as Mark
Gurman, our colleague, uh has reported,
um he's been all on top of this story
and he said this change is coming and as
uh some described to him in the story,
uh he's not a a showman the way Steve
Jobs was. He's more as one executive um
uh uh told Mark, uh he's more of a Tim
Jr. Tim Cook Jr. So, lots of um as we
just alluded to there, geopolitical
changes, product changes, uh a lot on
the horizon. It really is a a no a um
Apple's really at a juncture here with
emerging technologies and it's a it's a
key time for him to step into the role.
>> Yeah, Tim Jr. as you say. Does that Does
that suggest continuity then? What does
it What What this change mean for the
company?
>> I think so, and um, you know, we're
we're on the precipice of what many are
feel feeling is this huge new explosion
in AI services, and as um, we referenced
there,
Apple has felt a little bit behind, you
know, um, tech rivals like OpenAI have
created ChatGPT and these other, you
know, generative AI chatbots that have
become the buzz of the tech world. Um,
and people have wondered for a long
time, what is Apple doing in AI? Um,
lots of questions about that. Um, in in
hardware, he's been working on some
devices, Turnus has. So, we would expect
to see that perhaps, uh, he was chosen
in part because of his expertise in
hardware and potential push into AI.
>> So, what are we likely to see on that
front? And perhaps as well, what will he
bring to the table
in terms of the China business as well?
>> China is a huge, uh, question, of
course. It's a massive market for the
company in terms of making devices
there, and also in terms of selling
them. Uh, and so, he will have to
navigate a very different world than
what Tim Cook took over in terms of
geopolitical, uh, complications, uh,
between the US and China, tariffs. Uh,
Tim Cook has worked so hard over the
years, the company has to diversify its
supply chains away from China. That will
be an issue. As I mentioned as well, AI
and hardware, but I think the the
geopolitical and the the technological
changes that the company, um, is
confronting will be a key issue for him.
>> And Tim Cook was very good at managing
the the geopolitical sort of currents,
right? Whether it's with President Trump
or, uh, even in China, every time he
came to this part of the world, it was
on Weibo, doing all this content with
influencers and the like.
Talk us through about that sort of
connection that he had with with the
mainland. And, you know, and where do we
leave Where does that leave Apple in
terms of the competition now in China?
>> Yeah, Tim Cook was in in part of world
really frequently uh, as you mentioned
on social media a lot
and just as an outside observer he is a
very balanced even keeled personality. I
think plays well. He's a very diplomatic
seeming person.
We'll see you know how John Turnus's
personality adapts but yeah, China huge
question and also you know Apple's
facing its own challenges in China from
Huawei and other smartphone makers. They
had lost a lot of ground there over the
years but they've since come back and as
they pivot into potentially a new AI
empowered devices there
they'll have to focus continue to focus
on China.
>> Yeah, especially since they just
launched this new foldable phone Huawei
did. Okay, newly great stuff. Thank you
so much. Remember tech reporter newly
Pernell there on what this means for the
future of Apple with Tim Cook now
stepping into a new role. In terms of
what the analysts are saying we get to
certainly got more a lot of commentary
here today. The likes of Dan Ives and
Wedbush was saying that you know the
timing of this was a quite a bit of a
shocker here. He mentioned it was a bit
of a mixed bag
here and how people are viewing this
right now given that as we mentioned
right this was coming at a time when
Apple is trying to go through this sort
of AI transition. Morgan Stanley say
like this is unlikely to alter really
the core strategy and our very own BI
team and our own Rana saying look it
looks like it's continuity rather than
an actual strategic change here right
now April.
>> Yeah, talking about a shocker is this
line also crossing the terminal in the
past half hour or so on the South Korean
police seeking to arrest HYBE's uh
founder
and that is Bang Si-hyuk. Of course this
company is behind BTS and this is based
on Yonhap reporting. So that is
something that we are seeing.
Uh perhaps you know that might be
weighing on the price of this
entertainment company in South Korea in
stock market action as well Yvonne.
>> Yeah, there has There's some reports
late last year about the the high
founder of facing a probe over IPO
disclosures. We're not sure if this is
somewhat linked to that, but the latest
here is now they are seeking that arrest
for a bomb there, according to Yonhap.
All right, the stock is falling just a
bit here on the back of that news.
And we'll continue to leave that
discussion. We'll give you some more
updates once we have more on HYBE, but
we'll be talking AI next. We got the
Lenovo CFO Winston Shang in just a few
moments. A discussion coming up at the
times [music] of your on your screen.
This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Of course, we're continuing to track
developments related [music] to the Iran
war. The US president has told Bloomberg
that he is unlikely to extend a 2-week
[music] ceasefire with Iran, which he
says is due to expire Wednesday evening
Washington [music] time.
Meanwhile, sources say Tehran is
preparing to send a delegation to
Islamabad for further negotiations after
earlier casting doubt on its
participation. Bloomberg's Horizons
Middle East and Africa anchor Joumanna
Bercetche joins us from Dubai.
Joumanna, there's a lot to unpack here,
including whether we're going to see
talks, but talk to us first about
whether we should take the US
president's suggestions that this
ceasefire is unlikely, highly unlikely
to be extended. Should we take those
indications at face value at this stage?
>> Yeah, well, I think there's a lot to
piece together from the last 24 hours,
but one thing that looks like is going
to happen are the talks in Islamabad.
And the motion is certainly in place.
So, we understand from Pakistani
mediators that they are preparing the
groundwork for another series of of
major discussions. And Axios are
reporting this morning that JD Vance
will be making his way to Islamabad at
some point today, on Tuesday. And so in
theory, those talks could be held as
soon as tomorrow. Now, it's interesting
because President Trump did speak to our
colleague Jeff Mason,
our Bloomberg White House reporter, and
suggested that the ceasefire actually
will expire on Wed nesday. That's one
day later than it was supposed to
expire. But then also said that he
doesn't plan to extend it any longer,
which was perhaps a bit of a negative
development and a revelation to the
market. In the same breath, he says
they're not in a hurry to get a deal
done. So, he seems to be placing a lot
of hopes on a potential diplomatic
breakthrough at these talks. Now, we
have not officially yet heard from Iran
about who's going to be representing the
Iranian delegation. We understand that
they will be sending somebody. We still
don't know who it's going to be, how
large the delegation is going to be. The
last time around, they had a very
highly represented representative
delegation of of of dozens of
individuals involved. This time around,
and various media outlets have been
reporting this, there seems to be a bit
of a wedge emerging between the
so-called pragmatists in the Iranian
leadership, and those are the likes of
the president himself, Masoud
Pezeshkian, the foreign minister Abbas
Araghchi, even the speaker of the
parliament, who's known for his heated
rhetoric. But at the same time, he also
is one of the leading negotiators from
the Iranian side. And then on the other
side, you have the hardliners, the IRGC.
This is the Revolutionary Guard, and
those are the team that are really
pushing back and saying, "As long as the
US naval blockade is in place, we are
not going to be strong-armed into going
into discussions." So, the question, I
guess from the Iranian perspective, is
which side wins out, the pragmatists or
the hardliners?
>> Yeah, it's interesting even internally
there are some different factions among
for that discussion.
But as you mentioned, right, the US has
said that that they're not going to lift
this blockade in the Strait of Hormuz
until there's a deal. Iran has, you
know, said that they will not talk
unless there they do lift this blockade
and they want the US to recognize the
Iranian control that over that waterway.
It is there going to be a rational sort
of middle ground that could be reached
on the reopening of the Strait of
Hormuz?
>> Yeah, well there's most certainly a
standoff. And actually, if you look at
the passage, the transit of vessels that
have gone through the last 24 hours,
it's nothing. It's a trickle. And we
have on Bloomberg a a tracker that
monitors it. Think three ships passed
through yesterday. There was hope
perhaps on Friday that the street was
going to be fully reopened again, but by
Saturday morning things had
deteriorated. So once again, we are in a
state of standstill. But, you know, I
think the important thing to remember
here is since the introduction of the US
naval blockade, it has started to cost
Iran's economy, right? To the tunes of
hundreds of millions of dollars a day.
This is oil that they would have been
getting out. And so the longer that this
persists, the US naval blockade, the
more they're starting to feel the pain
as well. Hence why I was drawing the
distinctions between what the IRGC are
saying, which is that the blockade plays
into their hands and the possibility of
another renewed round of military
escalation, versus the pragmatists who
are saying, "Look, the longer this goes
on for, the costlier this war is going
to be for us. Let's sit down at the
negotiating table and try to come up
with a solution. Uh and again, some of
them are saying that their intention was
never to fully
uh not reopen the straits at some point
in the future. But what they did want to
do is redefine the terms. And what
they're attempting to do here is to use
the strait to extract more leverage and
for them that's economic sanctions
relief and
relief of the of those frozen assets as
well.
>> Jumana, thank you Jumana Abu-Ghazaleh
there our Bloomberg Horizons Middle East
and Africa anchor joining us live from
Dubai. Uh joining us now is Helen Jew,
managing partner and CIO at NF Trinity.
You take a look at these markets and you
know it it
seems like investors are still willing
to see through all this geopolitical
risk and actually take on more. I see
what's going on in the tech sector and
this whole AI trade seems to be
reinvigorated once again. Why do you
think we're able to kind of see through
all this right now?
>> I think people are really lost in all
the details the back and forth it's on
it's off but I think what they can see
is one definitely the US side clearly
wants to do a deal that's Trump's
attitude throughout this period and two
people are starting to see precisely
like we just discussed that it's
starting to have some negative impacts
on Iran as well and maybe it's very
difficult to have a
perfect outcome over the medium to
longer term. So it's in both sides
interest to settle on something and
reopen the straits as soon as possible
and I think as a result the market's
just looking through it right? I mean
over the weekend as we talked about
things actually kind of you know took a
nosedive again in terms of reopening and
we thought the market might actually
come off a little bit yesterday did not
right? People are just looking through
it and say this thing's going to be over
oil price is not coming back to 50 or 60
but it's not going to be at 90 or 100 or
200 in a month's time and so they just
want to follow you know where the
fundamentals are good and continue to
like put some trust into the market.
>> You're starting to see I think
oil volatility is still high. I mean
we're still below 100 bucks but we're
still elevated. We're seeing you know
>> Absolutely.
>> double digit gains in the since this war
began.
Uh the front end of of the Treasury
curve though has not budged
since this you know Iran situation
happened and still pricing in inflation
expectations to go higher. Do you think
you know what what what does that tell
you about the rest of the markets? And
you think do you think equity markets
are too complacent?
>> That's a great observation. I think
equity markets are actually very
complacent. People are assuming all the
issues are going to be resolved. But
actually, if you look at where the
Treasury curve is, where the government
bonds, you know, across the world are,
they're actually meaningfully different
versus, let's say, before the war broke
out or beginning of the year. So, uh
let's say looking at 1 year or 2 years
out on the Treasury curve, you know,
across different markets, basically now
it's maybe anywhere between 20 30 basis
points to 50 60 basis points higher
versus expectation at the beginning.
Largely because of inflation
expectations associated with oil. But
the reality is if this thing lasts a lot
longer, and this is not going to be a
linear type of situation, right? You
know, 4 weeks of disruption versus 8 or
12 weeks, you know, once you actually
run out of the inventory previously,
once people are actually forced to raise
prices, that's when you actually see the
native impacts in terms of corporate
activity and consumer confidence. And
so, if this thing actually lasts a lot
longer, you know, the impact is going to
be very negative for to the economy. But
hiking rates doesn't necessarily help
that. In fact, if things are starting to
slow down a lot, you know, some could
argue that you should be cutting rates.
So, we actually think that probably the
market's a little bit too hawkish in
terms of where rates are going to be,
and we actually may see some rate cuts
this year, whereas the market has
totally priced out rate cuts for this
year. And at one point in the last
couple of uh weeks was actually pricing
in like massive rate hikes across
different markets. So, that's one
interesting area to look at. We think
that may, you know, the front end may
actually have some opportunities over
the coming few months.
>> That's interesting. I learned that
markets may be uh too hawkish, and maybe
we should be expecting rate cuts. Does
that affect the expectations for EMs
though, in terms of central banks that
for the moment are just keeping things
on hold amid the uncertainty? How long
can they continue staying on hold for,
and what is this potentially going to
mean for divergence across EMs?
>> I think in terms of EM, um you know,
we're actually seeing that just like the
DM central banks, they're also making
similar comments regarding
watch and see, you know, make sure that
things are stabilizing in terms of oil
prices, commodity prices, geopolitics,
but it depends a lot more on which EM
you're talking about. Some EMs are
actually energy importers of significant
extent and other EMs are, you know,
energy or commodity exporters. So, it
really varies by EM, but I think the key
thing that we want to watch for EM risk
assets is really the US dollar and what
happens to um, you know, the overall FX
rate cuz a lot of EM markets are very,
very sensitive to that. So, it's less
necessarily their individual central
bank rate policy in the near term, but
really what happens to the dollar.
Obviously, the dollar stabilized and
strengthened quite a bit on the back of
the war breaking out because it's more
of a safe haven type of currency, but
it's already come off a little bit one
or two percent versus the peak in terms
of DXY and dollar strength, but I think
if things actually do fully resolve over
the coming three to four weeks, I think
the dollar could come off a little bit
further because people do expect that,
you know, you have more room for the US
to still cut rates versus some other DM
and EM markets.
>> Is that going to be perhaps another
impetus for what we're seeing in the
Chinese yuan? I mean, you have some talk
on the street about how from here we
maybe see another 9% in terms of the
authorities allowing the yuan
appreciation for the year. What do you
think that might be signaling across
these Chinese assets given what we're
seeing on the currency?
>> Interestingly, the RMB is actually the
lowest beta in terms of EM currencies
precisely because there's probably more
government intervention and control and
obviously the capital account isn't as
open as we have in other markets in the
world. So, we've actually already
started to see the RMB strengthen,
allowed to strengthen earlier this year
on the back of this record trade
surplus. We think that there's probably
still more pressure, but there has to be
a bit of a balance, right? I think the
policy makers don't like to see a
one-way expectation, which we're
actually starting to form. Um and
there's a balance between ensuring that
exports are still very robust against
weaker domestic consumption and
investment. And also considering that if
the trade surplus expands even further,
there might be some negative
geopolitical ramifications in terms of
let's say tariffs or other policy
adjustments. So, I think it's a
balancing act. Uh we think that there
might be a little bit of further
movement on the RMB versus dollar, but
again, it you know, depends a bit more
on the war and the dollar as well. Uh we
don't think that the delta in terms of
RMB movement will be nearly as big as
that for a lot of the other emerging
market currencies.
>> All right. Helen Zhu, uh hang tight.
We're going to have more about tech here
coming up. I've got a big interview
coming up as well. We're talking AI
investment landscape with the Lenovo
CFO, Winston Shang, in just a few
moments. That discussion is happening
there at the bottom of [music] this
hour. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Welcome back. Here are some of the major
corporate [music] stories that we're
following. Jeff Bezos reportedly close
to a $10 billion fundraising round for
his AI startup, and [music] that's
developing models capable of
understanding the physical world. The FT
News sites people familiar with the deal
saying the fresh funding values [music]
the company, known as Project
Prometheus, at $38 billion.
>> [music]
>> The startup has dozens of employees,
some of them poached from leading AI
labs such as OpenAI and [music] Google
DeepMind.
Amazon shares rose after the bell
following news it'll invest $5 billion
>> [music]
>> in Anthropic and may inject $20 billion
more over time. Anthropic, maker [music]
of the cloud chatbot also plans to spend
more than 100 billion over [music] the
next 10 years on Amazon cloud services
and AI chips. Amazon is one of the
Anthropic's biggest [music] backers with
prior investments totaling 8 billion.
And Tencent has acquired a major stake
in fintech company Kaspi.kz, [music]
operator of Kazakhstan's most widely
used financial application. Tencent
together with Kaspi management and
long-term investors purchased [music] 6
million ADRs from early investor Baring
Fintech Venture Funds. The acquisition
marks Tencent's [music] first entry into
Kazakhstan's fintech sector, Yvonne.
>> All right, we're still checking Hive
shares here right now. Seeing a bit of
downside here about 2% or so. This is of
course on local reports in Yonhap
[music] saying that the South Korean
police are seeking the arrest of the
Hive [music] founder Bang Si-hyuk here.
So, we'll have more on that coming up.
This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> 11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are heading to that lunch break in just
a moment. [music] Sunny skies in Tokyo
here today, and we're certainly seeing
sunny skies in this equity market. Take
a look at that. Japan is leading the
charge here this morning in the region.
We're seeing upside of more than 1%.
[music] The topics are slightly higher
though. 158 levels for dollar-yen. So,
still seems some weakness there, but
certainly it continues to see that
Japan, the North Asia benchmarks really
continue to drive Asia higher once
again, April.
>> Yeah, you talk about dollar-yen. We're
also keeping track on dollar-Korea won.
Yesterday was leading EM currencies
lower. I think at one point it fell by
the most in more than a month. Take a
look at what we're seeing in the rest of
Asia at a time where perhaps the
indications that investors are watching
out for for whether we're really moving
past this Iran hump is the extent in
which Asia currencies are fully
recovering against the greenback. You
are seeing the Asia dollar index, the
Bloomberg gauge sitting quite flat today
on a day where it's generally quite
risk-on or at least you're seeing that
continuation of the rotation into the AI
trade in the region. S&P 500 futures
also pointing to some upside, Yvonne.
>> Yeah, and we're watching, of course, one
debut. There you go. Victory Giants
still making a victory lap here this
morning with a 44 and 1/2% already off
some of the highs here today. But we are
talking about this video supplier in
China. They're surging in this debut
after the biggest Hong Kong listing this
year. The company's founder and
chairman, Chen Tao, told Bloomberg that
he expects high-speed growth over the
next 5 years due to strong demand for AI
computing.
>> We are currently a global leader in AI
computing power PCBs.
The technical difficulty, demand, and
value of AI computing power PCBs are all
very strong.
And we foresee high-speed growth over
the next 5 years with very high demand.
>> Yeah, Victory Giants victory also could
be a victory for a lot of the hardware
stocks here in the region. Take a look
at the ones the peers in Taiwan over
just the one week. And they've really
been on this amazing winning streak,
April. And that's another reflection of
really the surging demand that we're
seeing in AI hardware, really benefiting
companies across the region.
>> Yeah, Yvonne, and also coming at an
interesting time because there's signs
emerging that Taiwan looks like a bit
more of a preferred market now over
South Korea for some of these investors
that are rotating back into Asia's AI
trade. And this chart compares those
risk-adjusted returns across Taiwan,
Korea, and Hong Kong. And you can see
how Taiwan has emerged on top while the
KOSPI has outperformed massively. It has
done so at a much greater risk, so to
speak. For more on this, we bring in our
senior Asia equities reporter, Abhishek
Vishnoi. So, Abby, what are you seeing
in the markets? What are people telling
you? Why is Taiwan perhaps more
preferred than Korea at this stage?
>> So, Taiwan at this point in time is more
structural, more resilient, more
diversified better than AI. Taiwan
largely has those chips that make the
building blocks for the rollout of AI.
And then thereafter comes the usage of
memory. So, that's point number one.
Second, yes, I mean Taiwan is expensive
on valuations. But if you look at the
price performance over the last 3 years,
not two, when Korea had outperformed. 3
to 5 years, Taiwan had been
outperforming Korea. And, you know, it
has been uh giving like 25, 26% annual
returns. Uh And which essentially
catapults it into a a market which is
very resilient on a risk-adjusted or
volatility-adjusted basis. So, we looked
at the uh sharp ratio, our key measure
of any fund manager's performance, our
key measure of any index's performance
in terms of how, uh you know, that
particular benchmark is performing in
context of volatility. And Taiwan comes
on top of that. So, it's very structural
and a lot of money had moved out and
that money is now making its way back to
Taiwanese stocks.
>> What are you seeing perhaps in some of
these specific sectors, especially today
when Victory Giant is in the spotlight
receiving some of these PCBs in Taiwan
rallying hard? What else are perhaps
investors not looking as closely at when
it comes to sectors in AI that they can
play in Taiwan?
>> So, you know, there are a lot more
things apart from chips. Uh the entire
ecosystem of AI buildout that's there in
Taiwan. Like names like Hon Hai
Precision, MediaTek. And you were just
talking about, you know, Victory Giant
shares. All of those things are in
focus, but given uh the last month's
backdrop when $30 worth of foreign money
moved out of Taiwanese stocks, only $10
or so of that has come back in this
month, which is again a record inflow.
There is a lot more scope for this money
for for more money to come in. So
therefore everything that is related to
the AI build out chain
is likely to benefit from it. And and
Taiwan has all kind of these stocks
especially related to logic chips. Now
in that context if you look you know
Taiwan is actually bigger than China in
MSCI EM right now in terms of waiting.
So it is an anchor. If a dollar comes to
MSCI EM you know 22% 23% of that goes to
Taiwan. On top of that Bank of America
survey said that about 45% of those they
pulled were overweight on Taiwan versus
13% on Korea. So a lot more money that
gets allocated goes to Taiwan again. And
then of course like we said more
resilient more structural and from a
flow perspective a market cap
perspective if you marry these two
indicators both the markets Korea and
Taiwan are of the same size but of
course Taiwan has seen a lot more money
going out and therefore it has a lot
more scope to attract more inflows.
>> Interesting. The positioning that we've
been seeing so far affecting what's to
come. Abi great stuff. Thank you so
much. Bloomberg senior Asia equities
reporter Abhishek Vishnoi. Over to you
Yvonne.
>> Yeah. Now let's bring in someone who's a
major player involved in the AI build
out and the world's largest PC maker.
Joining us exclusively now is Lenovo CFO
Winston Shang. Still with us is also
Helen Zhu managing partner and CIO at NF
Trinity discuss really the Iran war
impact so and obviously the bottlenecks
we've been seeing in the memory chip
crunch here as well. But you know maybe
Winston I'll start with you. Where do
you see where we are now in this whole
AI revolution? Are we just early innings
or how do you see this play out?
>> we're absolutely still in the very early
innings. We're seeing strong demand
across our businesses even with the
shortage of memory supply we're seeing
strong order load both on the device
side and also on the infrastructure
side. Particularly on the infrastructure
side, we're seeing that as long as you
supply, you will have the demand.
>> The supply is is certainly one thing.
Given what we've been seeing in the
crunch in memory chips, uh also rising
component costs from from this Iran war,
uh do you see that impacting global PC
shipments at all this year? And how are
you weathering through some of these
>> Certainly, the forecast has been that
there would be a decline in the PC uh
demand uh based on the expected price
increases.
Uh I think what I I have looked at the
analysis, in the last 10 years, the
global PC market has been generally not
below 270 million units.
And so, I think there is a fundamental
need for devices to engage in
particularly
with AI and people really needing
compute and interaction with AI, and
going forward, there will be a
substantial demand for devices as well.
>> Uh Helen, how should how concerned
should we be about the supply risks out
there? And should I be more concerned
about supply or demand?
>> I think demand is not really a problem,
especially for the enterprise side, for
anything related to AI. I mean, we've
seen just the take-up is still very much
in super, super early stages. Um on an
enterprise level, even within the last
one or two months, we ourselves and many
other companies, I think, have started
to just start to experiment. And, you
know, that's with cloud co-work, that's
with um the claw, and so on and so
forth, API, etc. Still in very, very
early stages. So, that's not something
that we're worried about. It's really
the supply side.
>> Yeah. But, supply side, I think most of
the issues are more temporary and
probably mostly, uh you know, resume,
you know, resolvable over time. Uh some
of the products are starting to see very
significant price crunch, like memory,
for example, up 400, 500% in the last
quarter uh of last year, very
significant. Others, I think, is less of
a price issue and more of just a volume
of
uh of delivery issue. But, within this
process, what we see is that the bigger
players are actually the ones who are
getting all the resources. And that's
why we actually see some market share
consolidation, right? So, clearly, if
you are the biggest builder, you want to
grab as many resources as possible. And
the ones that you can rely on are the
ones that have the most market share and
the most supply chain support as well.
So, that's actually one
trend that we're starting to see very,
very clearly. And we do think that there
would be still some idiosyncratic, you
know, this and that. Maybe some
components we've never even heard of
before, suddenly out of supply for
>> one or two quarters to delay certain
projects. But the market's looking
through that at the bigger picture and
the longer-term TAM opportunity.
>> Hey Winston, this is Abel in Singapore
joining in as well. You highlight how,
you know, maybe demand not an issue,
it's really the supply side risk.
Perhaps we should be a bit more
concerned about. We're still in the
midst of this is memory chip crunch. How
long do you see that persisting for and
to what extent is it maybe being
compounded by the situation in the
Middle East if at all?
>> Well, I think there's two questions. One
is the demand-driven supply constraints.
The other one is the war.
I'll answer the second question first.
With respect to the war, we haven't seen
that affect the global supply chain
except for shipments to the region, of
course. I think that's
a clear indication of of the direct
impact. But otherwise, the global supply
chain is not impacted by the war. We are
building a plant there for the region,
but we can currently supply to the
broader region through other supply
chains as we are diversified across
all five major continents,
across all our products in terms of
desktops, PCs, mobile phones, and
servers.
With respect to the demand-driven, we're
seeing the rate of that price increase
starting to come down because you are
seeing that the demand-driven side,
which is really the hyperscalers,
spending now a lot portion of their
cash flow, right? It's getting close to
100% of the annual cash flow on CapEx,
and I think they're starting to be
pushed back as it relates to the
increasing price increases.
>> So, what else is being done to perhaps
buffer the supply chain a bit more,
mitigate in some ways the China-related
risk? I mean, we've been talking about
the Middle East-related
concerns, but you know, that's kind of
sideline some of these other issues as
well that we've been preoccupied about
for the past year or so, including
tariffs.
>> In terms of the what we have done is
really addressing the global supply
chain, bringing that supply chain close
to the demand. And so, as I have said
earlier, we have are able to produce in
various regions, particularly on the
server side, in Europe, for Europe,
in Mexico, and of course, also within
North America, other areas as well. In
terms of
the Asia region, we also have that
capability, and of course, we're
building
in Riyadh for the Meta region. So, I
think from that perspective, very, very
much diversified. And I think that will
be an advantage as it relates to
providing to the end customer as
hyperscalers need to be global in terms
of their capacity
as they engage with their customers as
well.
>> How do you look at margins right now? I
mean, obviously, there's been some
pressure from memory chips but in
component costs, but do you see room for
margin expansion? What are the
opportunities?
>> Yeah, certainly on the server side,
there's it's the again, the demand is
largely driven from the server side in
terms of our ISG business. So, I think
on that side, when there's the demand
and supply imbalance, you're able to
pass through
the cost. But with respect to the
device, I would be cautious on that
front, but obviously, in our sector, we
don't have that ability to pass on or to
absorb that increase. So, we do need to
try our best to pass on that cost as
well.
>> You mentioned this transition you're
going in ISG.
>> Mhm.
>> Um
when when can I start to see when you
when you terms are really capital
allocation?
>> Mhm.
>> You know, it all used to be cloud
before.
But now you're looking into the
enterprise AI and the like. When when I
I like you to see that sort of capital
shift massively more to these this new
side of the business.
>> We're already seeing that in terms of
the industry.
>> Mhm.
>> Certainly within Lenovo in the past
couple of weeks, there's been
investments as it relates to end scale.
>> Yeah.
>> And and of course yesterday in terms of
another filing here in Hong Kong in
terms of a component for the ISG
business. So, as it relates to that as
part of the ecosystem,
these partners come to us as a major
player in the server space to engage
both on the technology side and as a
partnership in terms of a supplier
perspective to ensure that we'd have
that alignment. So, I think from that
perspective, we're we're absolutely
deploying capital
to this space.
>> Helen, this is all coming at a time
where as we watch these AI developments,
we're also watching how hardware makers
integrate it into their systems, perhaps
not just for Lenovo, for the likes of
Apple as well. At a time where it's
going through a leadership transition,
what are you seeing in these businesses
and how do you you know, put that as
part of the equation when you look at
tech?
>> Well, I think as mentioned, everything's
still in very early stages of adoption
and I think people are all racing for
you know, that the next big thing,
right? And even year-to-date, we've seen
so many innovations and new products
roll out that we really didn't imagine
even just a number of months ago. And
it's being disruptive, it's being
innovative, it's helping to improve
productivity, it's you know, helping to
save costs over the medium to longer
term as well. So, we think the adoption
potential is huge. We actually look at
this in terms of really the medium to
longer term, right? What the terminal
value might look like for these
companies. And I think what the market
has formed a view on is that any
companies that could be potentially AI
disruptors over the medium to longer
term are actually going to be derated in
the market and people are just going to
say, you know, I don't know whether it's
going to be disrupted, but, you know,
every day that passes we're getting
closer and closer to that risk, right?
So, you don't actually want to invest
into these companies and play them for
the small bounces that are coming on the
back of like the beta rally or the short
covering. You just want to kind of like,
you know, pivot towards the potential
winners. And right now I think it's
really the picks and shovels and the
infrastructure that's continuously
getting upward revisions. And that's
probably the most sure bet in terms of
this AI trade.
>> What's impressed you the most about just
or surprised you the most maybe about
the the level of disruption that we're
seeing, particularly when it comes to
software. I mean, is there anything that
really stood out to you on just how
quickly things have been able to grow
and the ability of the product
productivity gains and really the
automation that you're seeing that could
really change
any industry. I mean, what has impressed
you the most, I guess?
>> I mean, I think even just like back two
or three quarters ago, a lot of these
things were hypothetical, right? I
remember I was in the valley in like
November of last year talking to a lot
of super smart people about agentic
commerce and whether, you know,
end-to-end transactions can happen this
year. And half the people thought, "Oh,
no, because of security and technology
and business model reasons, nothing's
going to happen in 2026." And here we
are, you know, open clause doing all
these transactions left, right, and
center and it's going to become very,
very commonplace very soon, right? In
terms of the actual adoption in the
workplace as well, we're, you know,
marching forward at very rapid speed and
many other companies are going even
faster. Um, so I think a lot of this
stuff is really like taken us by
surprise. A lot of, um, you know, native
AI applications that we saw last year
that were really in the forefront are
now even being disrupted by the LLM cuz
they're now going into these verticals
themselves as well. So, again,
completely unprecedented and unexpected.
>> I'll ask the same question to you,
Winston. How are you yourself using and
interacting with AI now? And how do you
see that changing in the next 5 years?
>> I I I over the last year, I probably use
AI now on a daily basis versus in the
past, you are maybe at best weekly.
>> Yeah.
>> But now it's definitely multiple times
daily, and I think in terms of running
deep analysis or even going in front of
before a meeting, or even before the
Bloomberg interviews, you would actually
ask AI for some of the potential
analysis in the industry. It's actually
quite quite good. And I think the
hallucination
is getting much much better. You still
have to know your industry and things,
and it's all therefore really question
and double-check a couple of different
AI tools, which is what I do these these
days. But otherwise, I think we're we're
moving at incredible speeds.
>> Winston, it's great to have you. Thanks
so much for joining us. Winston Cheng
there, uh Lenovo CFO. Also want to thank
Helen Q there, managing partner and CIO
at NF Trinity.
>> Of course, you can rewatch that
interview and plenty more on our
Bloomberg video hub. Subscribers can
explore [music] live streaming, news,
and interviews, all of our Bloomberg TV
shows, documentaries, reporter analysis,
and more. Make sure to check it out at
bloomberg.com/videos. [music]
>> [music]
>> Mona, on the Iran war, and sources have
told Bloomberg that Tehran will send a
team to Pakistan for the next round of
truce negotiations with the US
delegation led by Vice President J.D.
Vance, but it's not clear who Iran will
be sending. Let's go live to Islamabad,
and Bloomberg's Pakistan bureau chief,
Fasi Mangi, is joining us now. Fasi, I
mean, we're hearing mixed uh things
about whether these talks are happening.
What do we know so far?
>> Uh yes, thank you, guys. Um so, what we
know so far is that it seems that talks
are going to happen.
Um you know, I'm based in Islamabad
right now, and from what I see, um
everything has been shut down,
everything has been closed down.
Um public schools have been told uh to
public schools and ministries and
government offices have been told to
work from home. Um
uh you know, places have been cordoned
off. I'm sitting right next to Movenpick
Hotel that's been taken over by the
government. Uh it's fully booked right
now. Um so, it seems that there is
something that's going to happen in
Islamabad over the next few days.
Um
we're not sure um
uh there's not a public announcement
from the Iranian delegation, but we know
for sure that, you know, we understand
that, you know, there is a delegation
coming from there.
Pakistan has had talks with Iran over
the past uh 24 hours. Uh the the
president and the prime minister have
spoken, the foreign ministers have
spoken. And all the talk from Pakistan's
side has been that, you know, there
needs to be dialogue to
uh make ends meet.
>> And And Pakistan really has emerged as
that key mediator uh in these talks,
Fazi. But, you know, after the failure
of the first round, what What are some
of the expectations now on really what
Pakistan can do to get maybe some sort
of lasting peace deal?
>> Well, I think you know, um Pakistan has
said since day one that it's it's there
to facilitate talks as long as it's
needed. What we've seen in the past few
days is that uh Pakistan's army chief
also went to Iran for a few days, and he
spoke to the leadership over there. Uh
they've been in constant contact with,
you know, regional players, uh regional
countries, and the Americans.
Um we've seen that, you know, our
diplomacy has been, you know, has
continued since the first talks that
failed. And
I think, you know, there were some
issues regarding hormones in nuclear
enrichment, but
I think, you know, some of those have
proceeded or progressed, at least.
>> Fawzi, we're going to leave it there,
but thanks so much. Fawzi Maimood
our Pakistan Bureau Chief joining us
from Islamabad on what to expect once we
do get confirmation of those talks. And
as as Fawzi mentioned, they are
preparing that in Islamabad as we speak.
I do feel how my Asian markets are
looking at. And yeah, it seems like when
it comes to commodity markets,
the the risk premium has been lowered.
Now that we have some indication that
perhaps according to our sources that
Iran is willing to come to the table.
But yeah, would JD Vance fly all the way
halfway across the world to Pakistan if
they weren't happening? We don't know.
We'll see. Shanghai crude though remains
still elevated here right now, but we
are still hovering around [music] that
$90 or sub below 90 for WTI, $95 for
Brent this morning. The dollar catching
a slight bid here [music] right now. US
futures are doing this here right now at
the time when Asian markets continue to
ride this AI trade [music]
higher here and you are seeing US
futures are punching the upside as well.
This is Bloomberg.
>> Let's take another look at markets amid
this rally [music] ongoing in the Asia
Pacific. The KOSPI is just building on
the strength from early on in the
session. [music] Those record highs. And
this is of course against the backdrop
of pretty solid exports numbers in the
early goings for the month of April.
[music]
Taiwan not to be left behind. You are
also seeing the likes of TSMC really
supporting the rally that you're seeing
[music] there as well. And on a day
where of course the Hang Seng seems to
be trailing a little bit in terms of
that underperformance
compared [music] to the rest of Asia.
That's what we're seeing for the moment,
Yvonne.
>> Yeah, so we continue to see Hang Seng
doing okay. Mainland onshore markets are
heading the other direction though, but
there you go. Take a look at what's
going on in Hong Kong with Victory
Giant. [music] We're up 46%. We're
watching very closely whether they can
narrow that gap uh between the A-share
market here right now. And if they do
so, that could be the first time since
CATL for a company to do so, but not
[music] quite just yet here today, but
still a punchy 46% gains here on the
first day of school. Of course, we'll
[music] leave it there. We'll keep track
of course everything else that's going
on in the Middle East here. We have much
more coming up on Insight with Haslinda
Amin [music]
is next. Stay with us.
>> [music]